#The ExperimentOur app is called Tiebreakers. The fundamental task behind the app is for workers to choose the more compelling of two titles. The goal of our experiment was to determine which conditions allow us to maximize the accuracy of workers. We tested 4 hypotheses: 1) Compensation improves performance, 2) Worker restrictions improve performance, 3) Gold standards improve performance, 4) Written explanations (quality control) improves performance. The goal of this experiment was to determine the relative value of worker opinions in each scenario. #Methodology We collected data from UPENN students via Mechanical Turk and a Google Survey. We collected data from more than 30 students. We used this data to best represent the "ground truth" in our study. Penn students are well-educated and highly-read. Therefore, they offer our best approximation of the "correct" answer when determining the better of two book titles. Next, we ran 5 hits on Mechanical Turk, collecting data from more than 500 workers. In each HIT, we varied the conditions under which workers provided data: 1) Compensation of 2 cents, no explanation required, 2) Compensation of 4 cents, no explanation required, 3) Compensation of 2 cents, explanation required, 4) Compensation of 2 cents, explanation required, gold standard answer required. In each of the first 4 scenarios, we restricted the worker pool to only workers who completed 100 prior HITS and had a 90% approval rate. For scenario 5) Compensation of 2 cents was offered and an explanation was required.We chose to the use the Chi-Squared test statistic to measure the difference between the distribution of responses across our 30 responses between different groups. The Chi-Squared statistical test offers a robust method for testing whether to sets of data come from the same distribution (i.e. they are roughly similar). We calculate the Chi-Squared statistic as a function of the sum of squared errors betweeen our observations and the "ground truth" observations. We measure each distribution in terms of % of workers who selected A. Therefore, a distribution is just an array of percentages, with each percentage reflecting the percent of workers who selected option A. We compare these distributions by calculating Chi-Squared statistics between each set of data and the ground truth data. #ExpectationsWe expected compensation to improve performance. We expected the gold standard questions to improve performance. We expected Explanations to be the most important factor in improving our results by incentivizing workers to actually think through the answers to our questions. We expected that removing qualifications would lead to minor performance deteriorating. Our firm two hypotheses proved false. Compensation and gold standards actually did more harm than good in terms of performance. Our hypothesis regarding the required explanations proved true. These explanations did lead to a large improvement in worker performance. Finally, we underestimated the extent to which removing qualifications for workers would lead to deterioratin in the accuracy of worker judgements. #Results and Discussion### Compensation Leads to Deteriorating PerformanceWe might expect higher pay to improve results. This is not the case. Instead, increasing the level of compensation (2 vs. 4 cents) led to a dramatic increase in cheating (a good proxy for this is a decline from 2 minutes to 30 seconds in the average time workers spent on the HITS). This is reflected by the higher Chi-Squared statistic calcualted on the data collected from workers who were each paid 4 cents, vs. the Chi-Squared statistic calculated on the data collected from workers who were paid 2 cents each (3.154 vs. 1.673). Therefore, we decided to pay workers 2 cents per hit in our app. ### Explanations are Effective as Weeding out CheatersRequiring that workers write a one-sentence explanation of their decision turned out to be the most effective method of quality control. The Scenario in which workers were compensated 2 cents each and wrote an explanation of their answers yielded a Chi-Squared statistic of 1.07, the lowest of all the test. We integrate this into our app by requiring that workers provide explanations for their answers. ###Gold Standards Lead to "Effort Depletion"Numerous academic papers have discussed the idea of proximal "effort depletion." The more trivial the worker decision, the more accurate the results. As the task gets more complex, workers either deplete their energy or re-allocate their energy across the task. This depletion effect dominates any quality control bennefit we might expect to derive from including a "gold standard" question in all of our HITS. The gold standard question was selected as the title pair that received the highest level of agreement amoung our control group (PENN students). This finding is signficant and led us to modify our app design. Instead of including a "difficult" gold standard question, we included a trivial one with spelling and grammar errors. This allows us to maximize quality control while minimizing this effort depletion effect.###Worker Restrictions are ParamountRemoving our restrictions on which types of workers were allowed to participate in our study had devestating effects. We initially restricted our participants to Turkers who had completed more than 100 HITS and had a 90% approval rate. When we removed these restictions in our final HIT, our Chi-Squared statistic sky-rocketed. This indicates that less experienced workers or workers with a lower approval rate are significantly more likely to cheat or put in less effort into our HITS. This is important because it indicates that the time tradeoff of limiting our worker pool is absolutely necessary. We do not have the luxury of opening our tasks to all workers. ###Statistically significant results, p = H_0: The differences in the data are 0.  H_1: The differences in the data are non-0.In order to determine whether are findings are significant, we conducted a two sample T-test using the matched pair design. This allows us to measure whether the differences between the distributions are statistically significant. Running a two-sample T-test, we find that there is no statistically significant difference in the data. At 5% significance level, we do not reject the null hypothesis. The differences in the data are approximately 0. Our p value for the test is .149. While there is no statistical discrepency in the data, there may be a pratical significance in the difference. We assumed for the sake of this study that Penn students were the ground control. As indicates by LineChart, the distributions are not identical. But the fact that the distributions are not statistically different in a significant way indicates that we're getting very close in a quantitively rigorous way.###Chart CaptionTo maximize accuracy of worker judgements, use qualifications, minimize pay, minimize the use of gold standard questions, and require detailed judgement explanations. Chart Link: https://github.com/cahnda/Tiebreaker/blob/master/DataAnalysis/Chart.html###Chart ExplanationWe use a Google Charts line graph to demonstrate the relative accuracy of worker answers in each scenario. Each column in the graph represents the Chi-Squared statistic calculated in each Scenario. A Chi-Squared statistic of 0 for the PENN students indicates that we used this data as our "ground truth". The increasing Chi-Squared statistic in each column indicates that as we move along the X-axis, accuracy declines. As you can see in the graph, as we increase compensation, introduce gold standards, elimate qualifications, and eliminate required explanations, worker judgement quality steadily declines. ### Code/Excel ExplnationMost of the work for this analysis was conducted in Excel. We calculate the distributions of each Scenario using Excel equations. You can find those calculations individually labeled in each of our sheets. This data was downloaded from Mechanical Turk, where we collected more than 3000 data points. We wrote code to calculate the Chi-Squared statistic for each distribution, which you can find included in this directory.